Software QA Engineer


Job Title:


Software QA Engineer




This role has been designed as ‘’Onsite’ with an expectation that you will primarily work from an HPE office.

Who We Are:


Hewlett Packard Enterprise is the global edge-to-cloud company advancing the way people live and work. We help companies connect, protect, analyze, and act on their data and applications wherever they live, from edge to
 cloud, so they can turn insights into outcomes at the speed required to thrive in today’s complex world. Our culture thrives on finding new and better ways to accelerate what’s next. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility
 to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold moves, together, and are a force for good. If you are looking to stretch and grow your career our culture will embrace you. Open up opportunities with HPE.


Job Description:





HPE Hybrid Cloud, we lead the innovation agenda and technology roadmap for all of HPE. This includes managing the
 design, development, and product portfolio of our next-generation cloud platform, Green Lake. Working with customers, we help them reimagine their information technology needs to deliver a simple, consumable solution that helps them drive their business results.
 Join us redefine what’s next for you.



Job Family Definition:


Designs, develops, troubleshoots and debugs software programs for software enhancements and new products. Develops software including operating systems, compilers, routers, networks, utilities, databases and Internet-related
 tools. Determines hardware compatibility and/or influences hardware design.


Management Level Definition:


Contributions include applying intermediate level of subject matter expertise to solve common technical problems. Acts as an informed team member providing analysis of information and recommendations for appropriate action.
 Works independently within an established framework and with moderate supervision.


What you'll do:


Responsibilities:


What you need to bring:


Education and Experience Required:


Knowledge and Skills:


Additional Skills:


Cloud Architectures, Cross Domain Knowledge, Design Thinking, Development Fundamentals, DevOps, Distributed Computing, Microservices Fluency, Full Stack Development, Security-First Mindset, Solutions Design, Testing & Automation, User Experience (UX)

What We Can Offer You:


Health & Wellbeing


We strive to provide our team members and their loved ones with a comprehensive suite of benefits that supports their physical, financial and emotional wellbeing.


Personal & Professional Development


We also invest in your career because the better you are, the better we all are. We have specific programs catered to helping you reach any career goals you have — whether you want to become a knowledge expert in your field
 or apply your skills to another division.


Unconditional Inclusion


We are unconditionally inclusive in the way we work and celebrate individual uniqueness. We know varied backgrounds are valued and succeed here. We have the flexibility to manage our work and personal needs. We make bold
 moves, together, and are a force for good.


Let's Stay Connected:


Follow
@HPECareers on Instagram to see the latest on people, culture and tech at HPE.


#india

#hybridcloud

Job:


Engineering


Job Level:


TCP_02

ERP Points:


ERP - 500





HPE is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT employer. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, gender, or any other protected category, and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications,
 merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together. Please click here:

Equal Employment Opportunity.


If you’d like more information about your EEO right as an applicant under the law, please click here:


Equal Employment
 Opportunity is the Law


Equal Employment
 Opportunity is the Law - Supplement


Hewlett Packard Enterprise is EEO Protected Veteran/ Individual with Disabilities.





HPE will comply with all applicable laws related to employer use of arrest and conviction records, including laws requiring employers to consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories.





Hewlett Packard Enterprise


Technology innovation that fosters business transformation.


We Are In the Acceleration Business


We help customers use technology to slash the time it takes to turn ideas into value. In turn, they transform industries, markets and lives.


Some of our customers run traditional IT environments. Most are transitioning to a secure, cloud-enabled, mobile-friendly infrastructure. Many rely on a combination of both. Wherever they are in that journey, we provide
 the technology and solutions to help them succeed.


Standards of business conduct (SBC)


The Hewlett Packard Enterprise Standards of Business Conduct (SBC) embody the fundamental principles that govern our ethical and legal obligations to Hewlett Packard Enterprise. They pertain not only to our conduct within
 the company but also to conduct involving our customers, channel partners, suppliers and competitors.


Read more about how we win
 the right way.


E-Verify (US & PR only)

HPE is an E-Verify employer. E-Verify is an Internet-based system that compares information from an employee's Form I-9, Employment Eligibility Verification, to data from U.S. Department of Homeland Security and Social Security Administration records to confirm
 the employment eligibility of all newly hired employees. For more information
click here.


Accessibility


Hewlett Packard Enterprise is committed to working with and providing reasonable accommodation to qualified and differently abled individuals. If you need assistance in filling out the employment application or require
 a reasonable accommodation while seeking employment, please submit a
People Care case and check the "I require personalized support tailored to my disability" box.



Note: This option is reserved for applicants needing assistance/reasonable accommodation related to a disability.


Disclosure of Sensitive Personal Data


Please ensure the information you submit to us does not include any sensitive personal data.  Sensitive personal data includes data revealing information about your racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious
 or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, health, sex life or sexual orientation.  To the extent the information you submit does contain this type of personal data, you consent to the storing and processing of this data by HPE for the purpose of reviewing
 and managing your application.


For further information on the processing of personal data by HPE please refer to the

HPE002-03.pdf.

Designs limited enhancements, updates, and programming changes for portions and subsystems of systems software, including operating systems, compliers, networking, utilities, databases, and Internet-related tools.
Analyzes design and determines coding, programming, and integration activities required based on specific objectives and established project guidelines.
Executes and writes portions of testing plans, protocols, and documentation for assigned portion of application; identifies and debugs issues with code and suggests changes or improvements.
Participates as a member of project team of other software systems engineers and internal and outsourced development partners to develop reliable, cost effective and high quality solutions for assigned systems portion or subsystem.
Collaborates and communicates with internal and outsourced development partners regarding software systems design status, project progress, and issue resolution.
Bachelor's or Master's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or equivalent.
Typically 2-4 years experience.
Using software systems design tools and languages.
Ability to apply analytical and problem solving skills.
Designing software systems running on multiple platform types.
Software systems testing methodology, including execution of test plans, debugging, and testing scripts and tools.
Strong written and verbal communication skills; mastery in English and local language. Ability to effectively communicate design proposals and negotiate options.